Life is a marathon, not a sprint.
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
I had to learn how to teach less, so that more could be learned.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. 
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
He who fears he will suffer, already suffers because he fears.
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
I haven’t failed. I’ve just found 10,000 different ways that won’t work.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Don't settle for average.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
You will never win if you never begin.
It’s not about better time management. It’s about better life management.
Build your own dreams or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.
The more I want to get something done the less I call it work.
If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
If you have everything under control, you’re not moving fast enough.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.
I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done.
You cannot plow a field by turning it over in your mind. To begin, begin.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
I have stood on a mountain of no’s for one yes.
True freedom is impossible without a mind made free by discipline.
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Worry is a misuse of imagination.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
More is lost by indecision than wrong decision.
If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see.
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Education is like a double-edged sword. It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled.
The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.
When someone tells me ‘no,’ it doesn’t mean I can’t do it, it simply means I can’t do it with them.
Someday is not a day of the week.
Fall 7 times, stand up 8.
Never memorize something that you can look up.
If you think you can and you think you cannot, you are correct.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
It's always too early to quit.
Light tomorrow with today!
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
The most wasted of days is one without laughter.
No pressure, no diamonds.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.
To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
No guts, no story.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
You can’t cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything.
Those at the top of the mountain didn’t fall there.
I don’t need it to be easy, I need it to be worth it.
Hustle young, relax old.
Giving up is the only sure way to fail.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
Forever is composed of nows.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
Play is the highest form of research.
The universe doesn't allow perfection.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
Discovering the unexpected is more important than confirming the known.
Well done is better than well said.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Nothing will work unless you do.
The work of today is the history of tomorrow, and we are its makers.
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
We are all failures. At least the best of us are.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Let us cultivate our garden.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow, will be our doubts of today.
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Everybody has talent, but ability takes hard work.
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
